docs(inspector2): Update description since it seems that AWS Organization is mandatory (#38485)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/inspector2_enabler.html.markdown

# Resource: aws_inspector2_enabler

Terraform resource for enabling Amazon Inspector2 resource scans.

> This resource could be created either in the Organization's Administrator Account to be enabled in several accounts at once or in a particular account.

Author: ```suggestion
This resource can be created either in the organization’s administrator account to enable scanning across multiple member accounts, or in an individual account to enable scanning for that specific account.
```
